README.md, before:

# CS 1101 Bonus Lectures
## What is this?
This repository contains notes and slide decks for bonus lectures I teach for CS 1101. It can be used to supplement the lectures or as a standalone resource to learn more about some introductory computer science topics that we don't have enough time to cover in lecture.

Here's a high-level breakdown of the directory structure:
+ ```00-example-project/``` - A sample IntelliJ project associated with my lectures.
+ ```01-intellij-tips-and-tricks/``` - Slides and notes for lecture 01.
+ ```02-dealing-with-debugging/``` - Slides and notes for lecture 02.
+ ```03-moving-forward-in-cs/``` - Slides and notes for lecture 03.

## Who are you?
My name is Irfaan Khalid. I'm a passionate software engineer, hackathon organizer, and aspiring teacher. I'm a TA for CS 1101 - an introductory Java course - at Vanderbilt University, and absolutely love guiding and mentoring students as they enter the field of computer science.

## Why does this exist?
Like I said, there's a slew of topics for which there simply isn't enough time during lecture to cover. I hope for it to help students by serving as a supplement to their lectures and providing some perspective into _why_ CS 1101 matters and what software development looks like after the course.

## Where can I submit questions or feedback?
If you have questions or feedback, feel free to email me at [irfaan.khalid@vanderbilt.edu](mailto:irfaan.khalid@vanderbilt.edu).

If you find an error anywhere in the guide, please feel free to make a pull request on GitHub.

Commit message:

Rework examples for 1st session/delete extra files

README.md, after:

# CS 1101 Bonus Lectures
## What is this?
This repository contains notes and slide decks for bonus lectures I teach for CS 1101. It can be used to supplement the lectures or as a standalone resource to learn more about some introductory computer science topics that we don't have enough time to cover in lecture.

Here's a high-level breakdown of the directory structure:
+ ```00-example-project/``` - A sample IntelliJ project associated with my lectures.
+ ```01-intellij-tips-and-tricks/``` - Slides and notes for lecture 01.

## Who are you?
My name is Matt Leon. I'm a passionate software engineer, hackathon organizer, and web developer. I'm a TA for CS 1101 - an introductory Java course - at Vanderbilt University, and absolutely love guiding and mentoring students as they enter the field of computer science.

## Why does this exist?
Like I said, there's a slew of topics for which there simply isn't enough time during lecture to cover. I hope for it to help students by serving as a supplement to their lectures and providing some perspective into _why_ CS 1101 matters and what software development looks like after the course.

## Where can I submit questions or feedback?
If you have questions or feedback, feel free to email me at [matthew.leon@vanderbilt.edu](mailto:matthew.leon@vanderbilt.edu).

If you find an error anywhere in the guide, please feel free to make a pull request on GitHub.

## Credits
This repo and the accompanying slides were originally created by [Irfaan Khalid](https://irfaan.me) and updated with new examples and pictures by me.
